hello everyone welcome to my channel
today I am going to share my experience
of almost losing all my hair or at least
having a fear of that and I'm gonna talk
about my hair loss problem that happened
a month ago so what you see now is like
50% of what I used to have
[Music]
so it all started as a normal you know
spring hair loss that every girl I think
a lot of girls experience and I would
have it like every March and my hair
would start falling off and I would
realize I need more vitamins I'll take
my vitamins and it would stop but this
time it was completely different
it started in February and the hair was
falling off like crazy and what I
normally do when that happens I go to a
hair dress and cut my hair because I
understand that the roots become really
weak and they don't have enough strength
to hold a long hair so I just cut my
hair and I thought it would stop but it
didn't so I was like okay I'm gonna take
some vitamins for ablai I need some
vitamin C because you know winter is
ending our body needs more vitamin so I
started taking some vitamins but the
problem continued and one day I woke up
and I wanted to do my ponytail and I
realized it's like this thick and it was
like oh my god this is something serious
I started reading a lot of articles on
female hair loss and one of the first
things was hormones so I checked my
hormones but they were in order so that
wasn't the problem and I was like what
is happening and I tried to look at the
videos on YouTube and everybody talked
about mens hair loss and I was like is
there any girl like me out there in the
world losing her hair like crazy
seriously because I thought I'm gonna be
bold and I didn't know how to stop it
I visited a doctor and I talked to her
and she said ok if it's not hormones
then it should have been a major stress
and it was like but the last month I was
I was ok I was in California I was
working on a project nothing major
happened but she was like you need to
look back three months ago and then I
started thinking and I realized that in
November I went through a surgery which
wasn't like a super huge surgery but it
was invasive and I was put asleep for
like an hour and that was very stressful
for me mentally because I hate hospitals
and I think everybody would hate a Sur
three okay I had this dress but when
does the hair loss stop because I'm
gonna lose all of my hair and she said
well you cannot stop it now because
during that stress in November a lot of
your hair died
and what's happening right now because
they died but they were still growing
like your skin was still pushing out the
roots once they reach the surface of
your head they fall off and we don't
know how many hair died and what we can
do it's just support the existing here
and she gave me some recommendations I
know guys this is very personal so if
you have this problem I advise you to
see the doctor first but I wanted to
share with you guys which vitamins and
which shampoos helped me a lot the first
thing this shampoo I use it once a year
since I think 2012 says I said I would
have liked my hair falling off every
spring and this is a shampoo that has
caffeine in it and it strengthens your
roots it really helps me like you need
to read the instructions here and by the
way this video is not sponsored so I'm
just sharing what I'm using they haven't
paid me which they had but the second
thing that I'm using I'm still using it
it's called regain this one is from
Russia because my mom brought it from me
from Russia but you can find it anywhere
I've seen it here in American stores and
CVS Walgreens it promotes new hair in my
case I've already lost what was dead in
November so my goal right now is to have
more new hair coming so I'm using it
everyday just a little it's a foam a
little a foam I'm putting it on my scalp
and I'm hoping for some results I
started taking a lot of vitamins this
has been advised by a Russian blogger
and she says they only sell it in the
United States I bought my pack in Costco
and if you're not from Hyuna from Costco
if you're not from the state I'll try
and find it online it's called youth
theory call again it has 18 amino acids
I don't feel like something is changing
right now but I know that all of these
like vitamins
supplements they take some time to work
and you need like six weeks so regular
intake in order to see the results so
I'm taking it anyway the stressful thing
about it there's this big and it's an
American thing I don't know why they're
always making the spills so big but one
of my friend says because if you have
like a big size you feel that's there
are more ingredients inside more power I
don't know this is stupid I kind of chew
them when you take six everyday another
great thing is omega-3 you need it
anyway like even if you're not losing
your hair I made a lot of research and
this is the best like because the fish
that they're getting the fat from it
needs to be wild it cannot be farmed
because if it's farmed it's losing a lot
of value this is bode Vega omega-3 fish
oil and by the way I started all of it
like during one week I was like
attacking my problem seriously I was
taking it seriously and I started
everything and one more thing
this is folic acid but it's methylated I
don't know if I'm pronouncing that right
but it is already chemically transformed
in a way that your body can absorb it
better and because it helps your
digestion it also helps you to get more
vitamins from what you're actually
eating so yeah and I started taking this
all of this together for three weeks and
my hair loss stopped I don't know what
exactly work maybe just all of the dead
hair was gone maybe some vitamins help
me so I still don't know whether that
surgery cost that problem and I know
that I've been getting the same problem
over and over again just this year it
has been pretty severe maybe was
connected with moving from Russia to
California from minus 20 Celsius to plus
20 Celsius so I will never know what I
know is like taking all of that for
three weeks stuff my hair loss so again
guys if you have this problem if you
have a solution please share because you
know March 20 and 18 I'm sure I'm gonna
have this
one losing my hair is really stressful
because you know I don't want to end up
like huff bolt so if you have any advice
please share it in the comments don't
take my advice like that go to a doctor
first if you have this problem and
consult with the doctor because I'm not
a doctor and I don't have medical
education and what worked for me maybe
wouldn't work for you because you have a
problem with hormones or it has
something different so please consult
with the doctor thank you so much for
watching this video up to the very end
please like it if it was useful I would
really appreciate it and don't forget to
subscribe to my channel for more useful
info yeah I'll see you in the next
videos bye
this is like your medication you need to
put it on your
[Music]